hello everyone and welcome back to use
the reviewed today I'm gonna be taking a
look at a spare battery for the galaxy
s3 now I don't know about you guys but I
always need a spare battery for my cell
phone or mobile phone I'm always getting
through them so I was trying to look to
find out what batteries are available
now the battery I'm gonna be looking at
today is by a company called anchor now
they are as they say at the top are
battery experts and they do batteries
for laptops mobile phones camcorders and
and other stuff so these guys know what
they're doing and they have a vast vast
range of batteries so I'm interested to
see how this performs now you can pick
this battery up for around the nine ten
dollar mark and the UK it's probably
about eight pounds so it's a very
reasonable for a spare battery and I'll
just take you through some of the points
as well around around the battery itself
so just a quick look at the actual
packaging again there's not gonna be too
much to go through here as a couple of
certifications at the top long lasting
lift fume ion battery compatible models
as you can see for the galaxy s3
it's a 2200 milliamp battery of
high-capacity and you also get 12 months
warranty included and terms at the back
there's some obviously notes about the
battery and and you know I think the
only points to make out really here is
that they are grade a cell battery so
you saw God guarantee that the battery
is going to be a good battery and it's
going to give you great tool time I
think from looking at the stats you're
probably going to get 500 recharge
cycles out of this so that's not bad
considering the cost and you also get a
12 month warranty which are mentioned
and there's some support information as
well so that's a quick look
and his plate is Ted too long as it is
only a battery stick yet you also get a
little instruction manual in the box and
that gives you some guidelines warranty
information some guidelines and on
maintaining your battery and how to
charge the battery and when and also
some warning so you know the basic
things don't be throwing the battery and
interface because it'll still explode
and that's about it
battery itself again just repeat some of
the information that I've already
mentioned the Walt voltage as you can
see it's three point eight volts
capacity 22 milliamps that's just if we
can get into this quickly so so I've got
a standard Samsung battery here
obviously dimension wise they're gonna
be they're gonna be the same wise it
wouldn't fit wait I don't think there's
much difference really I was expecting
to be a little little bit lighter and
one of the points to know about its
battery is that there is no NFC or near
field communication on the battery so if
you're a user probably in the States and
you're looking at a battery that you can
use for payments then you're not gonna
have to use this this battery but again
as a spare battery for only a few
dollars I understand why it's been left
out now what I'm gonna do I'm gonna put
this for its paces and I'm gonna start
using this battery for a few days and
I'll report back on the sort of life
that you probably expect to get from the
battery I'm guessing that we're probably
gonna get a similar performance I'll
expect to get a similar form to the
battery that already comes with the s3
so I'll pause this video and I'll see
you in a few days okay so it's been a
few days now since I've been using the
anchor spare battery and after say
absolutely no
problems whatsoever with the battery and
I've been using this for probably about
four or five days and I've been getting
varying levels of performance really in
the main it performs just as well as the
standard battery that you get in the
galaxy s3 I've had days where is
actually performed better and I can
always tell because my usage is pretty
much the same every day do a little bit
of web browsing check my emails Facebook
Twitter and probably watch a couple of
YouTube videos so fairly standard
everyday so I get a good idea and
normally my battery life I get about
towards the evening between 35 and 40
percent
you see it's nearly 7 o'clock at night
so about a 35 40 % so it's a good marker
for me and I know that's based on my
usage now some days it's been it's
actually performed better some days have
a longer life out of it
over days it's not been so good and I'm
saw hitting 30 percent 25 percent so
it's very difficult to George bought I
would say in the main it's gonna last
you a day clearly and and you're
probably going to get similar
performance as you would do with your
standard battery so that's pretty much
all I'm gonna say on matter really it's
you know if you're looking for a spare
battery it's cheap you know eight to ten
dollars it's in my view is very cheap
for a spare battery and if you're not
really interested in NFC and you don't
need it then it's certainly a worthwhile
purchase so guys that wraps up the video
I hope you like please give us a thumb
up thumbs up leave us a comment and
subscribe and we'll see you all in the
next video